Create roadmap.md: moving roadmap readme content (#1858)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/community/roadmap.md

> # CHT Roadmap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "CHT Roadmap"
linkTitle: "Roadmap"
weight: 3
description: >
  CHT Initiatives
---
```

Reviewer: Currently, the page doesn't appear in the sidebar, as the page configuration is missing.

> In this repository, you can find the [Community Health Toolkit roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112). This roadmap serves as a high-level plan for how the CHT will grow to realize the shared community vision; it is where you can learn about what initiatives the community is working on and what stage they are in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CHT roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112) serves as a high-level plan for how the CHT will grow to realize the shared community vision; it is where you can learn about what initiatives the community is working on and what stage they are in. 
```

> ## Guide to the Roadmap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### What is a Community Initiative?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is a community initiative?
```

Community initiatives are specific areas to amplify the CHT functionalities that align with the vision set out by the community. Initiatives are often worked on over multiple releases and by several organizations and individuals. When an initiative gathers interest within the community, contributing organizations and community members can form a squad and start working on the feature to be built. There are various stages within the implementation phase, including design, building, testing, and release, among others. Community members and organizations are encouraged to periodically review the [squad dashboard](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112/views/24) to have an overview of the functionalities that are being worked on and are welcome to join squads at any stage.

> ### Roadmap Stages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initiative stages
```

Initiatives are outlined on the [project board](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112) with the following stages to give a sense of how far out each item is on the horizon:

| Stage | Description | Activities |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Emerging** | Initiatives are currently under initial discussions | Early exploration discussions, analysis of emerging requirements, and feedback collection/scope out features and improvements with community members. The outcome of these activities is an initiative to be co-built/co-created by the community |
| **Active** | Community members are actively working on the defined initiative, for example, in a squad | Squad formation, building & testing| 
| **Winding Down** | The initiative is ready for release or closure | Releasing new CHT functionalities and/or adoption to production environments. Adoption of new processes. | 

> ### Roadmap Communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Roadmap communication
```

> Updated initiatives are communicated on the [CHT Forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org) and discussed on the CHT Community events, such as the CHT Round-up call. Where possible, we will link to specific issues and/or documentation to elaborate on what was completed to move an initiative forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated initiatives are communicated on the [CHT Forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org) and discussed at the CHT Community events, such as the CHT Round-up call. Where possible, they link to specific issues and/or documentation to elaborate on what was completed to move an initiative forward. 
```
